Added Rate Limiting in Confluence Plugin (#2976)
backstage/community-plugins: workspaces/confluence/plugins/search-backend-module-confluence-collator/README.md

    token: '${CONFLUENCE_TOKEN}'
  spaces: [] # It is highly recommended to safely list the spaces that you want to index, otherwise all spaces will be indexed.
  query: '' # If your spaces contain documents you don't want to index, you can use a CQL query to more precisely select them. This is combined with the spaces parameter above.

>   maxRequestsPerSecond: 5 #If your Confluence Server is getting a lot of API requests hit, you can use this parameter to mention the api requests per second like mentioned in this example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  maxRequestsPerSecond: 5 # If your Confluence Server is getting a lot of API requests hit, you can use this parameter to specify the maximum number of API requests per second.
```
